hello everybody this is with Marcus from
weight gain diary comm and in today's V
I'm going to talk with you about what
are the best supplements for muscle gain
so over the past few years I had an
opportunity to try a lot of different
things some of them were good and some
of them were completely waste of money
so in this video I want to share with
you some key points you need to know
about supplement of supplements and I
also want to give you some specific
supplements you need in order to gain
more weight and muscle so without
wasting so much of your time let's start
and first of all let's talk about some
things in to know before you will start
spending money on supplements so first
of all first of all some really really
basic things so you need to know that in
order to make your body grow you need to
provide your body with more energy and
energy comes in a form of calories
therefore in order to provide your body
with enough energy you need to increase
your daily caloric intake to make your
body grow so secondly you also need to
make sure that you provide your body
with enough proteins because proteins
are building blocks of everything within
your body your hair your skin and most
importantly your muscle tissue if you
want to make your muscles grow you need
to pry your muscles with enough building
material therefore you need to increase
the amount of proteins you can sue per
day so finally in order to stimulate
muscle growth you need to train hard and
you need to let heavy energy and to do
so you need to improve the efficiency
efficiency of your ATP PC energy system
so I will explain to you in a minute
what all this means but now let's move
on and the first supplement I want to
talk with you about weight gainers and
weight gainers are great because they're
not so expensive and in my opinion this
is the best supplement and you guy who's
just starting out can pick up in the
store so basically there's no need to
overthink there's no need to
overcomplicate stuff but basically in a
nutshell where weight gainers are packed
with a lot of calories like I said
earlier calories plied about our bodies
with energy which is needed to make our
bodies grow and also weight gainers
contain a lot of complex carbohydrates
and why do they contain a lot of complex
carbohydrates we'll simply to make sure
that you that your body has enough
enough a sources of immediate energy so
basically they're probably one of the
main reasons why skinny guys skinny guys
face failed to gain muscle is because
they don't dig up data they eat a lot of
proteins they do a lot of tasks but
don't consume enough complex
carbohydrates and basically comes to
complex carbohydrates when when we when
you beat complex carbohydrates they
contain glucose which is then inside
your body is turned into glycogen and
glycogen is stored in your muscles as an
immediate source of energy and basically
if you don't have enough glycogen in
your muscles during your workouts your
body automatically starts to look for
other sources of energy which are
proteins and proteins with your muscles
and by doing so instead of gaining your
lean muscle mass you start losing lean
muscle mass and this is probably the
worst thing that could happen for a
skinny guy who's trying to gain muscle
and then finally gainers contain a lot
of proteins like earlier proteins our
building blocks of everything when
you're with your body so this is a
simple overview of weight gainers and in
my opinion this is the best supplement
any newbie can pick up in the store and
they don't cost a lot of money so now
let's talk about whey proteins and whey
proteins are another type of supplement
but in this case they don't contain a
lot of complex carbohydrates some of
them don't don't contain carbohydrates
carbohydrates at all and but basically
they contain a lot of proteins around 24
grams to 30 grams per there's for those
and basically like I said earlier
proteins are building blocks of
everything within your body and they're
needed to make our muscle true and
what's good about whey protein
supplements is that they are really
great to use immediately after your
workouts so basically after each workout
session your muscle tissue gets damaged
and you just speed up the recovery to
make sure your muscles grow quicker you
can amelie after each workout session
have a protein shake and by doing so you
will give your body building materials
when it when they're the most needed and
like I said earlier by doing so you will
speed up the recovery and growth of your
muscle tissue so now let's talk about
creatine and this is an interesting one
because a lot of guys from new to
fitness
think that creatine is some sort of
magical supplement that will make big
and strong almost immediately and they
think that some of some of the guys
think that great scene is kind of linked
to anabolic steroids but that's complete
so basically Korea seems what
Christian supplements do is like I said
earlier they improve the efficiency or
you're easy PPC energy system which is
the main energy system that is used
during your workouts so your body has
free energy systems and the ATP PC
energy system their lactic acid energy
system and aerobic energy system and a
CPP C energy system doesn't use any
oxygen to produce energy and instead
like I said earlier is the main energy
system that is used during the workouts
so what creatine supplements do is they
sped up the replenishment and the
recovery of fossil creatine which is a
molecule which is broken down by
creatine kinase so a little bit of
science here but basically there's this
molecule called phosphocreatine
and once it's broken down it creates one
molecule of phosphate and one molecule
of creatine and basically phosphate
joins another molecule called added Zeno
diphosphate and once it joins a ADP it
creates ATP which you can which can then
be broken down to create instant
resource of energy so by doing so I
improved by taking increasing
supplements by by by improving the
efficiency of your ATP see ATP PC energy
system you will be able to lift heavier
you will be able to recover quicker
after workouts and by doing so will you
will still stimulate more muscle so this
was my short overview of all main weight
gaining supplements in the industry of
course there's lots of new trick oxide
supplements you know and with mints and
stuff like that but in my opinion these
are the main supplements he needs know
about if you want to gain weight quickly
and efficient so some I want I just want
to make some final points and basically
invest some time and energy into
education you don't need to have a
degree in biology or physiology but it's
always good to know how specific
supplements work and also save your
money and don't buy any supplements and
syllables sort out or eating and
training plan because these are the most
important thing in bodybuilding like I
said earlier you can have like you know
you can have the best and gonna buy the
most expensive supplements in the world
you know you can have the biggest and
the baddest lack of supplements you know
nitric oxide grossing and other
like that but if you won't have a good
eating and training plan you won't be
gaining any muscle
and weight gaining and bodybuilding and
muscle building there's no you know get
big quick formula you need to take the
baby steps and you need to move one step
at a time so if you like this video
please go to weight gain diary and
subscribe to my seven-day weight gain
blueprint alright that's it for now and
I'll see you soon bye-bye